
Alright, it's being recorded, OK.
Let me come back.
So there are two types, independent and parent.
Independent one harpic bottle.
This is I'm forecasting 100 now. You may have parent as in bundles. You would have seen lot of times when you go into all these supermarkets and all they will have like bundle one hard pick bottle plus one hard pick refill or something.
This will be called as something called as a parent, parent and child escape.
So basically it's a bundle.
They pay combination of two or three more things, OK.
So these are the two types of forecasting that happens.
So for this type 20 OK.
Now this parent this is not one full SKU.
I mean this is one SKU, but it is not one product.
This is a combination of let's say 1 halfick and 1/2 pick.
So essentially when you break this down, that is what you call as your decomposed. When you break it down.
Your parent essentially becomes 40 because 20 units means 20 in bottles, 20 in aprils.
Are are you cleared up to now, OK.
Oh yeah, I understand. OK.
So when?
Totally. Now the question is what is supposed to be the total? According to our report, what we have currently is composed is this one.
In our report current model.
Composed is 100.
Decomposed is 40.
That is how we have set up the independent sqsi mean that is OK, not just gives us, but independent SK US is 100.
One second.
Huh. Independent SQ is 100.
Decomposed is when you break it down it becomes 40.
So total comp and decomp will be 1/14.
This is how currently it is set up, but in tomorrow's world the correct what business wants is.
And understand why they want this when any planner forecasts they do not forecast at this level, they don't break this down in forecast. They will forecast at this bundle level only.
There'll be one person, for example, me.
I am responsible for forecasting for this SKU alone for this bundle.
I will not break this down into 2020 and I will give.
I will only look at this one.
So when management is reviewing, they will review at this plus this which is 1/20.
So you see, obviously 100 + 40 is 140. When you look at one SK. OK, but when you look at this aggregate this across multiple Sku's across multiple countries.
You can think of how the numbers will change 1/21/20. Here becomes 1:40 because of breaking down South some other place it may become 10,020 thousand like that.
Why this is important is when they are reviewing. They want to review this at this level, not at this level, so.
You will have to bring them into all of our layers and put.
